Adds workload spec reference (#1842)
pivotal/docs-tap: workloads/spec-reference.md

| [image-scanner](#image-scanner)       | image | scans app container image                                                                         | No | No | Yes     |
| [config-provider](#config-provider)   | podtemplate spec                | tailors a pod spec based on the app image and conventions set up in the cluster                   | Yes | Yes     | Yes |
| [app-config](#app-config)             | kubernetes configuration        | creates kubernetes config files (knative service / deployment - depending on workload type)       | Yes | Yes     | Yes |
| [service-bindings](#service-bindings) | kubernetes configuration        | adds service bindings to the set of config files                                                  | Yes | Yes     | Yes |
| [api-descriptors](#api-descriptors)   | kubernetes configuration        | adds api descriptors to the set of config files                                                   | Yes | Yes     | Yes |
| [config-writer](#config-writer)       | kubernetes configuration        | writes configuration to a destination (git or registry) for further deployment to a _

> run_ cluster | Yes | Yes     | Yes |

Author: There's a stray new line here, and there was emphasis on the word `run`.  There should just be one line with:
```suggestion
| [config-writer](#config-writer)       | kubernetes configuration        | writes configuration to a destination (git or registry) for further deployment to a _run_ cluster | Yes | Yes     | Yes |
```

  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>scanning_image_template</code></td>
    <td>
      Name of the ScanTemplate object in the same namespace as the Workload to
      make use of for running the scans against a container image.
    </td>
    <td>
      <pre>
      - name: scanning_image_template
        value: private-image-scan-template
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>scanning_image_policy</code></td>
    <td>
      Name of the ScanPolicy object in the same namespace as the Workload to
      make use of when evaluating the scan results of an image scan.
    </td>
    <td>
      <pre>
      - name: scanning_image_policy
        value: allowlist-policy
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

For information about the ImageScan custom resource, see [ImageScan reference](../scst-scan/scan-crs.hbs.md#imagescan).

For information about how the artifacts found
during scanning are catalogued, see [Supply Chain Security Tools for Tanzu –
Store](../scst-store/overview.hbs.md).

## config-provider

The `config-provider` resource in the supply chains is responsible for
generating a PodTemplateSpec
to use in app configs, such as knative services and deployments, to

> represent the shape of the pods that you want to instantiate to run the

Author: It might be a bit of a stretch. How about we go with something like:

```suggestion
to use in app configs, such as knative services and deployments, which
represent the desired pod configuration to instantiate to run the
```

RegistryOps](gitops-vs-regops.hbs.md) with the parameters documented in
place.

## deliverable

The `deliverable` resource is responsible for creatiing a `Deliverable` object
that represents the intention of delivering to the cluster the configuration
that are produced by the supply chain.

Parameters:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>parameter name</th>
    <th>meaning</th>
    <th>example</th>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>serviceAccount</code></td>
    <td>
      name of the serviceaccount (in the same namespace as the Deliverable) to
      use for providing the necessary permissions to create the children
      objects for deploying the objects created by the supply chain to the
      cluster.
    </td>
    <td>
      <pre>
      - name: serviceAccount
        value: default
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

> **Note** `--service-account` flag sets the `spec.serviceAccountName` key in
> the Workload object. To configure the `serviceAccount` parameter, use
> `--param serviceAccount=...`.

> **Note** On build clusters where a corresponding `ClusterDelivery` doesn't
> exist, the Deliverable takes no effect (similarly to a Workload without a
> SupplyChain, no action is taken).

> ## Deliverable Parameters reference

Reviewer: Should this section be a sub section of 'deliverable' on line 827. As in should this be a H3 ###

Author: No, it stands on it's own. It just happens that the last items documented under the Workload parameters relates to deliverable.

I think during editing I may have just gotten the headings all wrong. This page should be titled with a H1 "Parameter Reference" at the top instead, and the current H1 "Workload Parameter Reference" should be demoted to a H2 so that it sits level with this "Deliverable Parameters reference" one.

Reviewer: Ah ok, that makes sense, ok 
OK I've changed it so 
- there are just two H2 headings: Workload Parameter Reference and Deliverable Parameter reference
- updated the H1 as you indicated and added a new introduction underneath
-I restructured/reworded the table intro section a little, the table doesn't need it's own heading as is just part
of the introduction underneath the Workload Parameter Reference

This section describes the parameters that are provided to the
Deliverable object, such as what can be set on `deliverable.spec.params`.

> The Deliverable is relevant in the context of deploying to a Kubernetes cluster

Author: Yes, that's much clearer. I might use the word `applies` instead of `deploys`, but otherwise :+1:

        - fetch kubernetes config (from git repository / image registry)
        - apply kubernetes objects to cluster

```

In the following section, you find the reference documentation that relates specifically to the
two resources defined in the `basic` ClusterDelivery part of the
`ootb-delivery-basic` package:

```
source-provider                     fetches kubernetes configuration
    |
    |  kubernetes configuration
    |
app-deploy                          deploys to the cluster the objects in the
                                    kubernetes configuration fetched
```

For information about the ClusterDelivery shipped with `ootb-delivery-basic`,
and the templates used by it, see:

- [Out of the Box Delivery Basic](ootb-delivery-basic.hbs.md)
- [Out of the Templates](ootb-templates.hbs.md)

For information about the use of the Deliverable object in a multicluster
environment, see [Getting started with multicluster Tanzu Application
Platform](../multicluster/getting-started.hbs.md).

For reference information about Deliverable, see [Deliverable and Delivery
custom resources](https://cartographer.sh/docs/v0.5.0/reference/deliverable/).

> ## source provider

Reviewer: Should this be listed in the 'List of supply chain resources' table above?

Author: source-provider looks like it's at the top of that table for me.

Reviewer: OK **yes** there **is** a 
H3 **source-provider** under H2 **Workload Parameter Reference** and the table correctly links to this

but there is also a H3 **source-provider** under H2 Deliverable Parameter reference

just checking this is all correct - pleas confirm.

For information about GitRepository objects, see
[GitRepository](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/gitrepositories/).

### ImageRepository

An ImageRepository object is instantiated when
`deliverable.spec.source.image` is configured to continuously
look for Kubernetes configuration files pushed to a container image registry
as opposed to a Git repository.

Parameters:

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>parameter name</th>
    <th>meaning</th>
    <th>example</th>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><code>serviceAccount</code></td>
    <td>
      Name of the service account, in the same namespace as the Deliverable, you
      want to use to provide the necessary permissions for `kapp-controller` to
      deploy the objects to the cluster.
    </td>
    <td>
      <pre>
      - name: serviceAccount
        value: default
      </pre>
    </td>
  </tr>

</table>

For information about custom resource details, see [ImageRepository reference
docs](../source-controller/reference.hbs.md#imagerepository).

> **Note** `--service-account` flag sets the `spec.serviceAccountName` key in
> the Deliverable object. To configure the `serviceAccount` parameter, use
> `--param serviceAccount=...`.

> ## app deployer

Reviewer: Should this be listed in the 'List of supply chain resources' table above?

Author: Yes. Output type for this is `N/A`, `Yes` for the Basic/Testing/Scanning columns. Description should be ```Applies configuration produced by a supply chain to the cluster```

Reviewer: OK, so if I hope I understand correctly, -
- I've moved app deployer up to be a H3 sub heading under  H2 Workload Parameter Reference
- I've added it to the end of the List of supply chain resources table with the inputs you provided above
Is this correct? Please confirm.
